port from maint/3.2 (#730)
SUSE/doc-susemanager: modules/upgrade/pages/db-migration.adoc

A fast upgrade only takes a few minutes, and uses almost no additional disk space.
However, if a fast upgrade fails, you must restore the database from the backup.
A fast upgrade reduces the risk of running out of disk space.

> The regular upgrade will copy the database files instead of creating hardlinks between the files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A regular upgrade will copy the database files instead of creating hard links between the files.
```
